# Nexus

## Overview

- **Nexus** is a resilient network known as the "Survival Nexus." This system acts as a vital lifeline, enabling the remaining humans to detect new infections, coordinate resources, and bolster their chances of enduring this unprecedented crisis.

---
## Technologies

The technologies used on this project were:

- NestJS
- NextJS
- TailwindCSS
- TypeScript
- TypeORM
- Docker
- Docker Compose
- PostgreSQL

## Setup
- The project is dockerized, and its recommended to setup the project with docker. For that, you'll need **Docker** and **Docker Compose** installed in your O.S.

## Environments
- Before running the project, you must copy the **.env.example** file into a new one called **.env** at the backend and frontend root folders. It will be used to set the environment variables of the systems. You can simply do that, by running the shell script [**setupEnvs.sh**](./setupEnvs.sh) on the root folder. The docker will automatically inject those varialbes into their containers.

## Install & Build
- Once you start the containers with Docker, the both applications (Front-end and Back-end) will automatically be installed by yarn, and the PostgreSQL Database will automatically be created and configured with our database. All the tables from the database will be automatically generated by our NestJS project, including some data seeds that will populate the database for usage.

- To up the containers, you must run `docker compose up` in your terminal, you can use with arg `docker compose up -d` so it will have the building and running process of the containers detached from your terminal.

- By default, the NextJS front-end will use the port 8080 on your OS, and the NestJS back-end will use 3000. Considering that, the apps will be available on http://localhost:3000 and https://localhost8080

## Logs & Watch and more
- If you detached the terminal, you can access the logs of the application executing `docker compose logs -f backend`, there a few ones from the SSR on the front-end, and if you want to follow as well, you can do by executing `docker compose logs -f backend` but the main ones are on the backend.

- If you want to access the container terminal, to run tests (Unfortunately I could not finish the tests, I'll explain better on Developer Notes), or something, you could do by running `docker compose exec <service-name> bash # bash or sh` or `docker exec -it <service-name> # bash or sh`.

---

## Features

- Survivor Management:
  - Creation and Management of Survivors and its Inventories of resources
  - Tracking of Resources consumed by survivors
  - Tracking of health of survivors
  - Authentication system, in the entire app with JWT
  - API Key Protection

## Developer Notes

- For the UI I used a few components of MUI, just to save some time, but its not much, about 2 usages so far. I created the remaining components using React and tailwind.
- The exchange of a survivor inventory, consider the requester, the survivor who is logged in the app.
- The survivors are created by the `/survivor` page on the front-end, but they can also create their account from the signup page
  - Accounts are not created when a survivor is created on survivors panel, to sign in, they must sign up for an account (That could be an interesting improvement)

- Unfortunately I ain't got time to do the Unit tests and E2E, I certainly consider it one of the biggest improvements to be made. If I had more time I would use Cypress on front-end (E2E) and Nest library (Jest under the hood) on Backend E2E, and Jest on Unit ones (Front and Back).
- I started the implementation of OAuth with Github as well, but to save more time, I decided to move forward only with the regular login that I've created
